Telekine
========

Telekine is a system that removes timing information from communication with
the GPU.

Telekine assumes that the GPU computation itself is protected by a Trusted
Execution Environment (TEE). There are not currently any GPU TEEs on the market.

Much of the API remoting code was generated by an early version of
[AvA](https://github.com/utcs-scea/ava). Development of that project has
diverged, so we provide the specification used ([hip.nw.cpp](/hip.nw.cpp)) for
documentation purposes but you should not expect it to work with current AvA.

The files that were generated by AvA have the form: `*_nw_*.*`.

Please take a look at our publications for more details about the design:

 * Tyler Hunt, Zhipeng Jia, Vance Miller, Ariel Szekely, Yige Hu, Christopher J.
 Rossbach, and Emmett Witchel. Telekine: Secure Computing with Cloud GPUs. In
 [NSDI 2020](https://www.usenix.org/conference/nsdi20/presentation/hunt).

Prerequisites :
--------------
 * ROCm 1.8

Build:
------

To build the client and the server run:
```
make
```
This will generate `libguestlib.so` and `manager_tcp`. `manager_tcp` should be
run on the machine with the GPU; it facilitates API forwarding over the network.
`libguestlib.so` should be either linked into the application in place of the
Hip/ROCm libraries, or preloaded with `LD_PRELOAD`. We've provided the script
`lgm_run` which handles preloading the library for you.

Both `manager_tcp` and `lgm_run` take arguments that are explained in cli help.
